PR for the fixes to the RC subscriptions section (#2915)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rc/subscriptions/create-active-active-subscription.md

aliases: /rc/subscriptions/create-active-active-subscription/
---

> To deploy Active-Active databases in Redis Cloud, you need to create a Flexible or Annual subscription with Active-Active enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy Active-Active databases in Redis Cloud, create a Flexible or Annual subscription with Active-Active enabled.
```

> Overall, the process is similar to [creating a traditional flexible subscription]({{<relref "/rc/subscriptions/create-flexible-subscription">}}).  However, there are some differences; you need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overall, the process is similar to [creating a traditional flexible subscription]({{<relref "/rc/subscriptions/create-flexible-subscription">}}).  However, there are some additional requirements listed below:
```
